Update metrics-to-prometheus.md (#3312)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/metrics-logging/metrics-to-prometheus.md

    -e DATA_SOURCE_NAME="postgres://monitoring:<PASSWORD>@<TIMESCALE-HOST:PORT>/tsdb?sslmode=require" \
    quay.io/prometheuscommunity/postgres-exporter
    ```

>     It is recommended to run the postgresql_exporter in the same AWS region as your Timescale Service to reduce latency and potential data transfer costs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To reduce latency and potential data transfer costs,  best practice is to run `postgresql_exporter` in the same AWS region as your Timescale Cloud service.
```
